feat(doc): add schema doc generator and initial Docusaurus content (#1758)
riscv-software-src/riscv-unified-db: doc/docs/idl/for-spec-writers.mdx

}
```

> Use `implemented?()` for static (compile-time) checks of whether an extension is implemented and `CSR[misa]` for dynamic (runtime) checks of whether an extension is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `implemented?()` for static (compile-time) checks of whether an extension is implemented and `CSR[misa]` to check whether extensions that can be dynamically unimplemented at runtime are implemented.
```
(I'm not even sure I like that suggested wording, but I think it needs to at least be scoped to `misa` extensions and use "implemented" instead of "enabled".)

Author: Removed the `CSR[misa]` clause — line 60 now just says: 'Use `implemented?()` for static (compile-time) checks of whether an extension is implemented.'
